[qradar] fix mirroring issue (#30697)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/2_4_40.md

#### Integrations

##### IBM QRadar v3

> - Fixed an issue with mirroring QRadar offenses where some offenses were failed to mirror.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with mirroring where closing offenses in Qradar didn't close the equivalent xsoar incident in some cases.  
```
